[v12] Distroless doc updates (#24036)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/docker-images-oss.mdx

stable, and we recommend their use to keep your Teleport installation up to
date.

|Image name|Teleport version|Image automatically updated?|Troubleshooting Tools?|Image base|
|-|-|-|-|
|`public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport-distroless:(=teleport.major_version=)`|The latest version of Teleport Open Source|Yes|No|[Distroless Debian 11](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/distroless)|
|`public.ecr.aws/gravitational/teleport-distroless-debug:(=teleport.major_version=)`|The latest version of Teleport Open Source|Yes|Yes|[Distroless Debian 11](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/distroless)|
|`(=teleport.latest_oss_docker_image=)`|The version specified in the image's tag (i.e. (=teleport.version=))|No|No|[Distroless Debian 11](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/distroless)|
|`(=teleport.latest_oss_debug_docker_image=)`|The version specified in the image's tag (i.e. (=teleport.version=))|No|Yes|[Distroless Debian 11](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/distroless)|

For testing, we always recommend that you use the latest released version of Teleport, which is currently `(=teleport.latest_oss_docker_image=)`.

> The `*-debug` images are intended for troubleshooting deployments, and are not indended for production use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `*-debug` images are intended for troubleshooting deployments, not for production use. These include a shell and BusyBox to help you investigate issues.
```
